The President:
Hi, everybody.
Every day, we get
thousands of letters
and emails at the White
House from Americans across
the country - and every
night, I read ten of them.
They tell me about their
hopes and their worries,
their hardships
and successes.
They're the Americans I'm
working for every day -
and this year, several of
these letter writers will
join me at the Capitol
when I deliver my annual
State of the Union
Address on Tuesday night.
Carolyn Reed wrote to me
from Colorado to tell
me she was able to expand
her business, thanks
to a loan from the Small
Business Administration.
Today, she and her
husband own seven
Silver Mine Sub Shops
- and last year,
they raised wages for all
their hourly employees.
Victor Fugate, from
Butler, Missouri, wrote
to tell me that he was
unemployed for a while
a few years ago, but today
he's earned his degree
and found a
full-time job.
Victor said that he
and his wife were able
to afford their student
loans because our country
offered millions of
Americans the chance
to cap their monthly payments
as a percentage of their
income - and, because of
the Affordable Care Act,
they now have the security
and peace of mind
of affordable
health insurance.
While serving in
Afghanistan, Jason Gibson
was gravely wounded-he
lost both his legs.
When I first met him in
the hospital, he was
just beginning his
long, difficult road
to recovery.
But last year, Sergeant
Gibson wrote to tell
me that with the help of our
extraordinary doctors and
nurses, he's making
extraordinary progress.
He just moved
into a new home,
and he and his wife
just had a baby girl.
Stories like these give
us reason to start
the new year
with confidence.
2014 was the
fastest year for
job growth since
the 1990s.
Unemployment fell faster
than any year since 1984.
Our combat mission in
Afghanistan has come
to a responsible
end, and more of our
heroes are
coming home.
America's
resurgence is real.
Our job now is to make
sure that every American
feels that they're a part
of our country's comeback.
That's what I'll focus on
in my State of the Union -
how to build on our
momentum, with rising
wages, growing incomes, and
a stronger middle class.
And I'll call on this
new Congress to join
me in putting aside the
political games and
finding areas where we
agree so we can deliver
for the American
people.
The last six years have
demanded resilience and
sacrifice from
all of us.
All of us have a right to
be proud of the progress
America has made.
And I hope you'll tune in
on Tuesday to hear about
the steps we can take to
build on this progress,
and to seize this
moment together.
Thanks everybody, and
have a great weekend.